Wiki revision (#31)
OpenSpace/openspace.github.io: docs/users/faq.md

## What is OpenSpace's history?
Founded in 2014, OpenSpace started as a collaboration between Sweden's Linköping University (LiU) and the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH). Development of the software began several years ago through a close collaboration with NASA Goddard's Community Coordinated Modeling Center (CCMC) to model space weather forecasting and continued with visualizations of NASA's New Horizons mission to Pluto and ESA's Rosetta mission to 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. This promising set of preliminary work provided a foundation for continued funding from NASA, the Swedish eScience Research Centre, and the Knut and Alice Wallenberg foundation, which has extended the collaboration to include the University of Utah's Scientific Computing and Imaging (SCI) Institute, New York University's Tandon School of Engineering, multiple informal science institutions across the world, and multiple, international vendors.

## How do I get started?
### Users
Please see our Users [Getting Started](http://wiki.openspaceproject.com/docs/users/getting-started/general.html) section.

### Developers

> Please join our [OpenSpace Slack Channel](https://openspacesupport.slack.com/). We have several subchannels to get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please join our [OpenSpace Slack Channel](https://openspacesupport.slack.com/). We have several channels to get you started.
```

To keep it just a tad simpler

 - #general is the space for community wide announcements.
 - #help-questions is the place to ask questions and receive help from our developers.

>  - #bugs-and-breaks is the channel to report bugs or errors you are experiencing in the 
>  software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #bugs-and-breaks is the channel to report bugs or errors you are experiencing in the software.
```

 - #linux, #macos, #windows are channels related to discussions on specific operating systems.
 - #events is the space to share your upcoming or previous programs/events that used OpenSpace.
 - #sharespace is a dedicated space for cool screenshots, videos, or anything that you’d like 
 to share related to OpenSpace.
 - #users-planetariums, #users-at-museums-and-science-centers, 

>  - #users-at-elementary-and-middle- school, #users-at-higher-education-institutions, #users-at-community-orgs are channels for users at specific types of institutions to connect on how they’re using OpenSpace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #users-at-elementary-and-middle- school, #users-at-higher-education-institutions, #users-at-community-orgs are channels for users at specific types of institutions to connect on how they're using OpenSpace.
```

### But I've never used Slack before!
No problem!

> If you’re new to Slack and want a quick overview, start here!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to Slack and want a quick overview, start here!
```
